Manual Annotation Project Demonstration Scenario:

Prerequisites:
- You have available users with the annotator role in database
- For the demonstration purpose prepare zip file with only two documents.


1. Login as user with manager role and create annotation project

   1.1 Create new Project
       1.1.1 Go to "Projects Menu" and click on "New Project" option, or directly from the home page.
       1.1.2 You will be redirected to Workflow template Form where you need to provide some name and description.
             (Note: since you did not start project from the existing template, you have to create template first).
             After click on Go button you will enter Workflow Template Wizard.
       1.1.3 Configuration: "select annotation modes" 
             - check Manual Annotation and click Next
       1.1.3 Configuration: "select annotation rules" 
             - select 2 annotators per document, 
             - leave "cancel task allowed" and "anonymous annotation" checked
             - select some of the existing annotation schemas you want to use in manual annotation.
               (You have the option to add new schema, if you want)     
       1.1.5 Configuration: "project settings overview"
             - check the options you entered and click on Save Template.
             Note: If you are not happy with the settings, by pressing "Start Again", you will be able to repeat the setup procedure.
       1.1.6 You will be redirected to the list of your workflow templates
             Note: In case that you created workflow templates before, you will be able 
             to see them by clicking on "Projects Menu/My Workflow Templates" option or link in 
             "My Workflow Templates link" on your home page
       1.1.7 To create the project from specified template, you need to click on:
             "New project" icon. Then you will be redirected to Project Data form where you need to configure your project.
       1.1.8 Choose the name for your project, corpus, you want to annotate and the users
             with roles which participate in project execution, in this case: manager, curators and annotators.
             Note: Manager will be you, by default. For the purpose of demonstration select 3 annotators.
       1.1.9 When you click on Save & Start button, you will start annotation project and be able to manage it.
   
   
2. Project management
   2.1 In any time you can delete, suspend/resume project and change its actors.
   2.2 Project can have one or more sub-processes which you can see if you click on "sub-processes icon"
   2.3 Project Monitoring   
       2.3.1 Project monitoring is available on sub-process level, so in order to see annotation process, you 
       meed to click on "monitor icon" for specified sub-process.
       2.3.2 You can navigate from:
             - Annotation Status overview, where you can see real time status of each document via pie chart
             - Annotation Status detailed view, where you can see the status of each document and who work(ed) on it
             - Annotator Record View, where you can see the work done by selected annotator.
       2.3.2 When annotators start to annotate, you will be able to see task statuses if you click on "View task instances" icon.
        
   2.4 Notification
       After Annotation process is completed, you as manager will be notified by email.
  

3. Login as annotator1

   3.1 Participating in Workflow
       3.1.1 Open Annotation Editor (note that there is no Pending tasks link)
       3.1.2 Click on Get new task and wait for the 1st task (Doc1) to be loaded inside Annotator GUI
       3.1.3 Finish 1st task (Doc1)
       3.1.3 Click on Get new task and wait for the 2nd task (Doc2) to be loaded inside Annotator GUI
       3.1.4 Cancel 2nd task
       3.1.5 Click on Get new task. "No new task" message will appear.
             Explanation: Doc1 was accepted and annotated by annotator1
                          Doc2 was accepted and canceled by annotator1
                          since there is no more available documents and annotator
                          cannot get the document, he canceled before,
                          he will see No new tasks message.

   3.2 Logout

4. Login as annotator2

   4.1 Participating in Workflow
       4.1.1 Open Annotation Editor (note that there is no Pending tasks link)
       4.1.2 Click on Get new task and wait for the 1st task (Doc1) to be loaded inside Annotator GUI
       4.1.3 Cancel 1st task
       4.1.4 Click on Get new task and wait for the 2nd to be loaded inside Annotator GUI
       4.1.5 Finish 2nd task (Doc2)
       4.1.6 Click on Get new task. "No new task" message will appear.
             Explanation: since there is no more available documents (canceled Doc1 and annotated Doc2)
                          he will see "No new tasks message"

   4.2 Logout

5. Login as annotator3
   5.1 Participating in Workflow
       5.1.1 Open Annotation Editor (note that there is no Pending tasks link)
       5.1.2 Click on Get new task and wait for the 1st task (Doc1) to be loaded inside Annotator GUI
       5.1.3 Finish 1st task
       5.1.4 Click on Get new task and wait for the 2nd to be loaded inside Annotator GUI
       5.1.5 Finish 2nd task (Doc2)
       5.1.6 Click on Get new task. "No new task" message will appear.
             Explanation: since there is no more available documents (canceled Doc1 and annotated Doc2)
                          he will see "No new tasks message"

   5.2 Logout


6. End of demo







